Charts that have to be changed

transcost.html 17.95 seconds
marketcap.html 26.06 seconds
bitcoin.html 15.61 seconds
minerrevcap.html 15.37 seconds
minerrev.html 18.77 seconds
minerrevntv.html 18.68 seconds
minerfees.html 17.46 seconds
minerfeesntv.html 16.88 seconds
commit.html 15.27 seconds
commitntv.html 19.87 seconds
social.html 15.10 seconds
social6.html 15.24 seconds
social7.html 15.23 seconds
social4.html 17.45 seconds
social2.html 27.54 seconds
social3.html 15.11 seconds
social5.html 6.82 seconds
pricesats.html 5.61 seconds
transcostntv.html 15.63 seconds
percentage.html 12.20 seconds
metcalfesats.html 14.21 seconds
metcalfeusd.html 14.13 seconds
coins.html 15.35 seconds
extracoins.html 20.84 seconds
inflation.html 17.76 seconds
compinflation.html 28.91 seconds
dailyemission.html 19.64 seconds
dailyemissionntv.html 16.54 seconds
sfmodel.html 15.81 seconds

Charts that wonâ€™t be changed

translin.html 0.08 seconds
translog.html 0.08 seconds
pricelog.html 0.08 seconds
pricelin.html 0.09 seconds
fractal.html 0.05 seconds
inflationfractal.html 0.08 seconds
golden.html 0.14 seconds
competitors.html 0.23 seconds
competitorssats.html 0.17 seconds
competitorssatslin.html 0.23 seconds
inflationreturn.html 0.27 seconds
powerlaw.html 0.09 seconds
thermocap.html 0.08 seconds
sharpe.html 0.10 seconds
dominance.html 3.10 seconds
rank.html 2.13 seconds
sfmodellin.html 0.14 seconds
sfmultiple.html 0.12 seconds
hashrate.html 0.12 seconds
hashprice.html 0.16 seconds
hashvsprice.html 0.08 seconds
dread_subscribers.html 3.49 seconds
coincards.html 1.81 seconds
merchants.html 1.72 seconds
merchants_increase.html 1.68 seconds
merchants_percentage.html 1.76 seconds
